Star Wars - Volume 1: Heir to the Empire

This novel begins five years after the end of Return of the Jedi. The Rebel Alliance has destroyed the Death Star, defeated Darth Vader and the Emperor, and driven the remnants of the old Imperial Starfleet back into barely a quarter of the territory that they once controlled.

Timothy Zahn
------------------------------------

Star Wars - Volume 2: Dark Force Rising

The dying Empire's most cunning and ruthless warlord -- Grand Admiral Thrawn -- has taken command of the remnants of the Imperial fleet and launched a massive campaign aimed at the New Republic's destruction. With the aid of unimaginable weapons long hidden away by the Emperor on a backwater planet, Thrawn plans to turn the tide of battle, overwhelm the New Republic, and impose his iron rule throughout the galaxy. Meanwhile, Han and Lando Calrissian race against time to find proof of treason inside the highest Republican Council -- only to discover instead a ghostly fleet of warships that could bring doom to their friends and victory to their enemies. Yet most dangerous of all is a new Dark Jedi, risen from the ashes of a shrouded past, consumed by bitterness... and scheming to corrupt Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side.

Timothy Zahn
-------------------------------------

Star Wars - Volume 3: The Last Command

The fragile New Republic reels from the attacks of Grand Admiral Thrawn, who has not only rallied the remaining Imperial forces but has driven the rebels back with an abominable new technology: clone soldiers. Hopes are dim as Thrawn mounts a final siege against the Republic. While Han and Chewbacca struggle to form a wary alliance of smugglers in a last-ditch attack against the Empire, Leia keeps the Alliance together and prepares for the birth of her Jedi twins. But the Empire has too many ships and too many clones to combat. The Republic's only hope lies in sending a small force, led by Luke, into the very stronghold that houses Thrown's terrible cloning machines. There a final danger awaits. The Dark Jedi C'baoth schemes in his secret fortress, directing the battle against the rebels, nursing his insanity and building his strength to finish what he had already started - the destruction of Luke Skywalker. An odyssey of fast-paced action, stunning revelation, and final confrontation, The Last Command spans a galaxy in flames - a tale that will conclude in this third and last installment as Good and Evil battle "a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away...."

Timothy Zahn